AIM Follow-Up Seen 2/23/06 for first visit, at that time c/o 9 months of watery diarrhea, and on exam noted intention tremor. Pt notes that diarrhea has improved currently over past several days, but comes and goes. Interval studies for diarrhea show negative O&P and stool culture; negative fecal leukocytes; negative FOBTx3.  Serum sprue Ab's show mildly +IgA anti-gliadin Ab, nl IgG anti-gliadin and tissue transglutaminase; no endomysial Ab was drawn. Carbamezepine level was mildly low; TFTs WNL. Pt notes no change in tremor; MRI with mild age-related degenerative changes. PMHx 1. HTN- on meds x approx 1 year 2. DM2- Dx'd 8 years ago 3. ?trigeminal neuralgia- pt notes 30 yr history of L sided facial pain for which she has been on tegretol for many years 4. chronic diarrhea; work-up in progress -notes approx 10 months of persistent watery diarrhea, worst post-prandially -Notes approx 15 lb wt loss -cites nl colonoscopy 9 months ago at outside provider 5. tremor as above -tegretol level WNL; MRI without cerebellear mass PSHx 1. ORIF L wrist 2/2 Fx, fall 2. s/p TAH/BSO 1 yr ago in DR 2/2 bleeding 3. s/p appy decades ago NKDA Meds 1. ASA 81 PO QD 2. Toprol 50 PO QD 3. starlix 120 PO bid 4. tegretol 200 bid 5. zestril 5 PO QD Phys Ex BP 138/74 HR 82; 135 lbs Elderly woman, no acute distress HEENT MMM, no bruits, no goiter, no JVD COR RRR, nl S1 S2, + 3/6 SEM loudesat at LLSB, no radiation Pulm CTA B/L Ext WWP, no edema Neuro A&O x3; CN2-12 intact; no tremor at rest, with marked intention tremor and B/L UE dysmetria; no masked facies/ cogwheel rigidity; nl gait Rectal Guaiac negative brown stool A/P 74 yo F with HTN, DM2, ?trigeminal neuralgia on tegretol x years, now with nearly 1 year of diarrhea and tremor 1. Diarrhea -will send for endomysial Ab's to w/u potential for sprue -made appt for GI clinic March 30 @12:30 PM to further w/u diarrhea, consider repeat C-scope -pt notes nl c-scope 1 year ago, again asked to obtain results obtain results -while unlikely cause of diarrhea, post prandial pain may be 2/2 impaired gastric motility; low cholesterol makes atherosclerosis less likely 2. Tremor -tegretol level mildly low, unlikely toxicity as cause of tremor -MRI without obvious structural cerebellar process -pt has new pt appointment with Neurology on March 13 at VC-10; await Neuro input 3. CV -mildly improved BP, will continue BB and newly added ACE for now until diarrhea w/u (and volume status) more equilibrated -TTE with mild concentric hypertrophy, no significant valvular disease -lipids low -will resend for baselin EKG 4. Endo -A1C well controlled; therefore will continue Starlix -will arrange for ophtho, podiatry 5. Heme -mildly macrocytic anemia with elevated B12 and nl folate; nl TFTs, low retics concerning for myelodysplastic syndrome -Ferritin relatively low with evidence of inflammation (elevated ESR) despite negative FOBT; for GI clinic to consider colonoscopy -will send to Heme clinic for smear and potential BM Bx to assess hypoproliferative marrow 5. HCM -colonoscopy as above -will defer DEXA for another time 6. Insurance -pt will need to alter insurance to continue to f/u in clinic system; will go to SW today immediately after appointment. -Yyyy Yyyyyyy #NNNN RTC 1 month to F/U labs  
