Patient Name: Xxxxxx Xxxxxx MR: 9999999 3/16/06 Rheumatology Clinic - Follow up Visit PMD: Dddd Bbbbbbb Neurology: Mmmmmmmm Eeeeee/ Ccccccccccc Wwwwwww Surgery: Dr. Aaaaa Sssssss 44 yo F with L wrist/forearm pain and numbness, initially thought related to a L carpal tunnel / cubital tunnel syndrome with associated epicondylitis, however, on further evaluation by Dr. Wwwwwww of Neurology, the impression was more likely a regional pain syndrome of unclear etiology, possibly related to the shoulder lipoma.  MRI of the shoulder (2/26/06) showed mild degenerative change of the acromioclavicular joint, mild fibrocystic degenerative change at the greater tuberosity, evidence of mild supra- and infraspinatus tendonopathy. A 3.7 x 2.0 x 2.2 cm mass was seen in the subcutaneous tissues posterior to the medial aspect of the scapula. The mass follows fat signal on all sequences and is homogeneous (= lipoma). A minimal rim of surrounding enhancement is noted.  No additional significant abnormality or abnormal enhancement was identified.  Dr. Wwwwwww was interested in pursuing further testing to clarify the diagnosis and etiology of her L arm pain and swelling, however Ms. Xxxxxx had already scheduled surgery to remove the large lipoma, this was performed 3/14/06 without apparent complications (pathology still pending). . She has had joint complaints since 1990, first manifesting with R knee and L elbow swelling and pain, X-rays showed no fracture or dislocation. ESR was 11 and rheumatoid factor was negative, and the patient was lost to follow up. From 1990 to 1998, she reports she sought no medical attention and was on no medication except for occasional Tylenol and Motrin, because of new L knee swelling and pain and pain and small joints of L hand and decreased grip strength. She also had subjective fevers and night sweats. Tests for ANA and anti-cardiolipin antibody were negative in 1993. In 1998, she was referred to Dr. Kkkkk at HSS, but she does not recall being given a specific rheumatological diagnosis. She began an evaluation but the work-up could not be completed because of her insurance status, and she was not given any specific treatment. She is currently followed by Dr. Bbbbbbb, given Celebrex, then Vioxx (worse swelling), then switched to Mobic which helped the swelling and pain somewhat, but now it's worse so diclofenac was added recently. Tests for ANA, p-ANCA, RF were negative in 1999, with a normal ESR. As of her initial visit on 11/10/05, the worst pain was in her R hip and knee radiating down to R foot and L arm. She had no morning stiffness, the pain was constant during the day, occasionally interfered with sleep at night and was sharp and burning in quality. She has had facial swelling episodically as well. No known renal or lung involvement. She has had subjective fevers at home with chills at night with sweats. No known exposure to TB, says she was PPD negative one year ago. No dyspnea, chest pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, no Raynaud's, no rashes, no alopecia. Her exercise tolerance is 2 blocks, 2 flights of stairs because of L thigh pain, relieved by rest and taking weight off the L leg. She has early morning awakenings, good appetite, no weight loss. The impression at that time was that since she lacked synovitis on exam, and her serologies were negative, possibilities included fibromyalgia vs. an undiagnosed rheumatic illness, so she was continued on diclofenac, which appeared effective, and instructed to return to clinic before January if she developed frank arthritis. In follow up 12/21/05, she returned because of an exacerbation of her presumed L carpal tunnel syndrome, manifested by L arm pain and swelling that awakened her from sleep on 12/19/05. She denied any trauma, but said this is typical of her usual presentation. The pain worst on the lateral elbow, exacerbated by movement and interferes with ADLs (carrying groceries), no erythema but subjective warmth. L wrist and PIPs were also painful and swollen. She also had transient R CMC pain a few days ago that resolved spontaneously. The plantar fasciitis is not resolved although wearing athletic shoes is tolerable (still wearing slippers at home). On exam, she had some L epicondylitis that was felt to be associated with her carpal tunnel syndrome, but she lacked clinical, serological or radiographic features of inflammatory arthritis. She was prescribed a resting L wrist splint and told to continue diclofenac. In follow up 1/12/06, the splint had helped somewhat but she had pain and numbness in her hand awakening her from sleep and she couldn't tolerate the splint all night. Diclofenac did not seem to be effective.  She was referred back to her neurologist for further evaluation and consideration of surgery (see above). PMHx: hypertension, migraine headache, myomatous uterus FHx: 11 yr old son (Dddddd Tttttt) with lupus vs. juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (Dr. Llll Iiiiii), Mother with RA and heart problems SocHx: no tobacco, no EtOH, no illicit drugs. Lives with 3 children (23 yr dtr, 21 yr son, 11 yr son), and a dog and cat. Homemaker now, previously worked as security for the NYC marathon, babysitting. Allergies: NKDA Medications: Topamax (for migraine headache) Zocor Toprol XL 50 mg po daily HCTZ 25 mg po daily PPI Tylenol with codeine #3 1-2 tab bid prn On exam: Musculoskeletal: no synovitis DIP/PIP/MCPs, resolved tenderness on L medial and lateral epicondyles with no elbow bogginess, no warmth or erythema, L wrist with tenderness on dorsal aspect, mild diffuse swelling with no warmth, +pain with flexion/extension. R shoulders with full range of motion, L shoulder with intact rotation and flexion, but cannot be raised because of pain at the surgical site. Both knees with crepitus (R>L) but no pain on ranging. Ankles with full range of painless motion. Skin: small surgical wound on posterior L shoulder, dressing c/d/i, no rashes Labs (3/7/06): WBC 7.3/ Hgb 11.8/ Plt 313 BUN 10/ creat 0.7 LFTs wnl Labs (12/23/05): ESR 8 C-reactive protein 1.51 TSH 1.56 free T4 1.2 Labs (7/29/05): WBC 8.3/ Hgb 13.6/ Plt 270/ G67L27M4 BUN 8/ creat 0.7/ gluc 94 LFTs - wnl Urinalysis- negative Labs (6/20/05): CK 105 Radiology (10/99): Hand X-rays with no features of OA or RA. Assessment: 44 yo F with L arm neuropathic pain and diffuse swelling, without concomitant synovitis, which was refractory to conservative management and was eventually attributed to compression within the L shoulder by a large lipoma.  She underwent surgical excision of the lipoma on 3/14/06, the epicondylitis has resolved.  She hasno evidence of an inflammatory joint pathology. Plan: 1. Pt to follow up with her surgeon to discuss optimal timing of physical therapy for her shoulder, and with her neurologist. 2. Case discussed with Attending Dr. Aaaa Dddddddd. 3. RTC 6 weeks. Mmmmmmm Wwwwwwwwwwww Rheumatology fellow beeper NNNNN  
